Adds 4.8.13 RNs for 9-27 (#36771)
openshift/openshift-docs: release_notes/ocp-4-8-release-notes.adoc

Issued: 2021-09-27

{product-title} release 4.8.13 is now available. The bug fixes that are included in the update are listed in the link:https://access.redhat.com/errata/RHBA-2021:3632[RHBA-2021:3632] advisory. The RPM packages that are included in the update are provided by the link:https://access.redhat.com/errata/RHSA-2021:3631[RHSA-2021:3631] advisory.

Space precluded documenting all of the container images for this release in the advisory. See the following article for notes on the container images in this release:

link:https://access.redhat.com/solutions/6363171[{product-title} 4.8.13 container image list]

[id="ocp-4-8-13-features"]
==== Features

* Kubernetes v1.21.4 is now available. More information can be found in the following changelogs: link:https://github.com/kubernetes/kubernetes/blob/release-1.21/CHANGELOG/CHANGELOG-1.21.md#changelog-since-v1213[v1.21.4], link:https://github.com/kubernetes/kubernetes/blob/release-1.21/CHANGELOG/CHANGELOG-1.21.md#changelog-since-v1212[v1.21.3], and link:https://github.com/kubernetes/kubernetes/blob/release-1.21/CHANGELOG/CHANGELOG-1.21.md#changelog-since-v1211[v1.21.2]. 

[id="ocp-4-8-13-bug-fixes"]
==== Bug fixes

> * Previously, there was an unchecked index operation on a slice when using the `--max components` argument. Consequently, the `oc` client returned a `panic: runtime error: slice bounds out of range` error and crashed. This update adds a check to ensure that a value is not requested for an index that is out of range. As a result, when using the `--max-components` argument, the `oc` client will no longer crash.  (link:https://bugzilla.redhat.com/show_bug.cgi?id=2004193[*BZ#2004193*])

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Previously, there was an unchecked index operation on a slice when using the `--max components` argument. Consequently, the `oc` client returned a panic error and crashed. This update adds a check to ensure that a value is not requested for an index that is out of range. As a result, when using the `--max-components` argument, the `oc` client no longer crashes.  (link:https://bugzilla.redhat.com/show_bug.cgi?id=2004193[*BZ#2004193*])
```

==== Upgrading

To upgrade an existing {product-title} 4.8 cluster to this latest release, see xref:../updating/updating-cluster-cli.adoc#update-service-overview_updating-cluster-cli[Updating a cluster by using the CLI] for instructions.

[id="ocp-4-8-13"]
=== RHBA-2021:3632 - {product-title} 4.8.13 bug fix and security update

Issued: 2021-09-27

{product-title} release 4.8.13, which includes security updates, is now available. The bug fixes that are included in the update are listed in the link:https://access.redhat.com/errata/RHBA-2021:3632[RHBA-2021:3632] advisory. The RPM packages that are included in the update are provided by the link:https://access.redhat.com/errata/RHSA-2021:3631[RHSA-2021:3631] advisory.

Space precluded documenting all of the container images for this release in the advisory. See the following article for notes on the container images in this release:

link:https://access.redhat.com/solutions/6363171[{product-title} 4.8.13 container image list]

[id="ocp-4-8-13-features"]
==== Features

> * Kubernetes v1.21.4 is now available. More information can be found in the following changelogs: link:https://github.com/kubernetes/kubernetes/blob/release-1.21/CHANGELOG/CHANGELOG-1.21.md#changelog-since-v1213[v1.21.4], link:https://github.com/kubernetes/kubernetes/blob/release-1.21/CHANGELOG/CHANGELOG-1.21.md#changelog-since-v1212[v1.21.3], and link:https://github.com/kubernetes/kubernetes/blob/release-1.21/CHANGELOG/CHANGELOG-1.21.md#changelog-since-v1211[v1.21.2]. 

Reviewer 2: Not critical, but we usually don't put a "v" in front of the versions. I'd just say "Kubernetes 1.21.4..."
